02-experiment-tracking/README.md, before:

# 2. Experiment tracking and model management

Note: in the videos, Cristian uses Jupyter in VS code and runs everything locally

But if you set up a VM in the previous module, you can keep using it
and use the usual Jupyter from your browser. There's no significant
difference between using Jupyter with VS code and without


## 2.1 Experiment tracking intro

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiA7LQin9c8&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-01.jpg">
</a>



## 2.2 Getting started with MLflow

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cESCQE9J3ZE&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-02.jpg">
</a>



## 2.3 Experiment tracking with MLflow

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaJz-T7VWec&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-03.jpg">
</a>



## 2.4 Model management

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVUPIX88q88&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-04.jpg">
</a>



## 2.5 Model registry

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKHU7HAvGH8&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-05.jpg">
</a>



## 2.6 MLflow in practice

COMING SOON



## 2.7 Homework




## Notes

Did you take notes? Add them here:

* Send a PR, add your notes above this line

Commit message:

Homework 2 (#52)
* adding the files for the 2nd homework

* Update homework.md

* Update homework.md

* Update train.py

* Update hpo.py

* Update homework.md

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Cristian Martinez <martinezcristianjavier@gmail.com>

02-experiment-tracking/README.md, after:

# 2. Experiment tracking and model management


## 2.1 Experiment tracking intro

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiA7LQin9c8&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-01.jpg">
</a>



## 2.2 Getting started with MLflow

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cESCQE9J3ZE&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-02.jpg">
</a>

Note: in the videos, Cristian uses Jupyter in VS code and runs everything locally

But if you set up a VM in the previous module, you can keep using it
and use the usual Jupyter from your browser. There's no significant
difference between using Jupyter with VS code and without


## 2.3 Experiment tracking with MLflow

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaJz-T7VWec&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-03.jpg">
</a>



## 2.4 Model management

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVUPIX88q88&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-04.jpg">
</a>



## 2.5 Model registry

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKHU7HAvGH8&list=PL3MmuxUbc_hIUISrluw_A7wDSmfOhErJK">
  <img src="images/thumbnail-2-05.jpg">
</a>



## 2.6 MLflow in practice

COMING SOON



## 2.7 Homework

More information here: [homework.md](homework.md)


## Notes

Did you take notes? Add them here:

* Send a PR, add your notes above this line
